#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --strip-extras requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   requests-cache
bmi-arcgis-restapi==2.4.9
    # via -r requirements.in
cattrs==24.1.2
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
django==5.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
django-cors-headers==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-js-asset==2.2.0
    # via django-mptt
django-modeltranslation==0.19.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo
django-mptt==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo
django-munigeo @ git+https://github.com/City-of-Helsinki/django-munigeo@v0.2.88
    # via -r requirements.in
django-otp==1.5.4
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==8.0.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-two-factor-auth==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-jsonp==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.in
geographiclib==2.0
    # via geopy
geopy==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
libvoikko==4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
munch==4.0.0
    # via bmi-arcgis-restapi
phonenumbers==8.13.47
    # via django-two-factor-auth
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via requests-cache
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   django-munigeo
    #   drf-spectacular
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via django-two-factor-auth
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bmi-arcgis-restapi
    #   django-munigeo
    #   requests-cache
requests-cache==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sentry-sdk==2.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-munigeo
    #   python-dateutil
    #   url-normalize
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via django
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via qrcode
tzdata==2024.2
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bmi-arcgis-restapi
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.28
    # via -r requirements.in
whitenoise==6.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
